
== Mingle Transition Workflow Macro

This tool provides support for adding web sequence diagrams (http://www.websequencediagram.com) to your Mingle project.

== GETTING STARTED:

This Mingle custom macro requires Mingle 3.2 or greater.

Whenever installing a Mingle Macro you should be aware of the following:

####################################################### CAUTION ###########################################################
#                                                                                                                         #
# BEFORE YOU DEPLOY ANYTHING TO YOUR MINGLE INSTANCE, PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT IT IS COMPLETELY SAFE. THIS IS ESPECIALLY     # 
# IMPORTANT IF THE MACRO WAS DEVELOPED BY A THIRD PARTY.                                                                  #
# HERE IS A LIST OF THINGS THAT YOU SHOULD LOOK OUT FOR. THIS LIST SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED COMPLETE, IT IS JUST A        #
# REPRESENTATIVE SAMPLE.                                                                                                  # 
#     *    IF MINGLE RUNS AS A PRIVILEGED USER, THE MACRO COULD END UP DAMAGING THE HOST MACHINE                          #
#     *    THROUGH DIRECT SQL CALLS, RATHER THAN USING SUPPLIED MQL EXECUTION MECHANISM, THE MACRO COULD GAIN ACCESS TO   #
#          DATA THAT PEOPLE WOULD NORMALLY NOT BE AUTHORIZED TO SEE                                                       #
#     *    LENGTHY CALLS TO EXTERNAL SYSTEMS COULD TIE UP MINGLE RESOURCES AND LEAVE THE APP UNRESPONSIVE                 #
#     *    SYSTEM CALLS, IF USED, MUST BE INSPECTED AND WELL-UNDERSTOOD PRIOR TO DEPLOYMENT                               #
#     *    IF THE MACRO EMITS BAD JAVASCRIPT, YOU COULD BREAK BASIC FUNCTIONALITY ON THE MINGLE UI                        #
#     *    OTHER DATABASE ACTIVITY, SUCH AS TRANSACTION COMMITS, SHOULD BE MONITORED AND AVOIDED                          #
#                                                                                                                         #
######################################################## CAUTION ##########################################################

To install this macro via a git clone:

  git clone git@github.com:nolman/transition_workflow.git
  cd transition_workflow
  rake macro:deploy MINGLE_LOCATION=/path/to/mingle_root

where /path/to/mingle_root is the location where Mingle 3.2 is installed. 

  * On Windows, this is the location that the installer installed Mingle at
  * On OSX, this will be within the app bundle, at <mingle_application_bundle>/Contents/Resources/app
  * On *NIX, this is the expanded archive

The entire macro folder and its contents will be copied over into the vendor/plugins directory of that Mingle installation. Once deployed, the server will need to be restarted in order for the macro to become available for use.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 ThoughtWorks, Inc.  All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.